{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27020\viewh13700\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bulletin\
\
Sunday July 26, 2026\
\
Subtitle\
\
Announcements\

\f1\b We rejoice with Ben & Jacy Albarracin
\f0\b0 , who were united in marriage on July 18, 2026. Please join us in thanking God for His faithfulness to them and praying He would richly bless their new life together.\
\

\f1\b MEN'S INTENSIVE 3 (MI3): A better Way to Live\
Begins Thursday August 13th\
REGISTER TODAY!!
\f0\b0 \
A 7-week commitment to  show up on 7 Thursdays at 6 a.m. to have 7 conversations with 7 other men you should know but may not. This discussion-based study is available for all men in Corinth, providing a space where men can grow and be encouraged as we think through and discuss the issues that impact our lives. For more info, & to register, scan QR code, \
or go to: : https://MI3Corinth.eventbrite.com\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b\fs30 \cf0 YOU\'92RE INVITED:
\f3\i0\b0  If your age/stage could be classified as empty-nester, senior, grandparent-era, or mature, please\'a0\'a0join us for lunch on Wednesday, July 29 at Pizza Grocery at 11:30! Please call or email the office to let us know you're coming!
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Flower Dedication\
The flowers are given today by Joshua and Brittany Bryant with gratitude for our children's ministry leaders and volunteers.\
\
Those Who Serve\
Assisting Elder - Dr. Micah Monaghan\
Greeters - Carson & Abbie Butler\
Ushers - Nate Alexander, Billy Scott Blackwelder, Bob Moore, Brian Thomas, Spencer Lee\
Acolytes - Jack Windsor & Reid Butler\
Nursery - Deborah Kiddy, Laura Kate Carmichiel, Sallie Kate Williams, Ashley Majors, Brittany and Joshua Bryant\
AV Engineer - Russell Smith\
\
Staff\
Rev. Waring Porter -  Pastor\
Gregg Parker - Dir. of Discipleship\
Bobby Capps - Dir. of Outreach & Care\
Jennifer Shipp - Dir. of Student Ministries\
Laura Kate Carmichiel - Dir. of Women's Ministries & Communications\
Phyllis Sellers - Day School Director\
Jan Pike - Choir Director\
Malachi Doren - Accompanist\
Teresa Tsagarakis - Administrative Assistant\
Sammy Allred - Bookkeeper\
\
Church Calendar\
July 27th - First Day of School (Corinth);Back to School Prayer @ Pavilion 8 am \
July 29th- Luncheon @ Pizza Grocery 11:30 am for empty-nesters and up \
August 2nd - Session Meeting\
August 5th - Kids Quest Restarts\
August 9th - Deacons Meeting\
August 10th - Youth Bible Studies Restart\
August 12th - Wednesday Night Youth Restarts\
August 13th - MI3 Begins\
August 14th-15 - Officer Spouse Retreat\
\
\
Liturgy Notes\
Use the liturgy notes for this week from the liturgy document\
\
Pew Bible: - Page 391\
\
\
\
Welcome\
We are Glad You Are Here!\
\
We are honored that you decided to join us this morning.  Whether it is your first time in church, your first time in a long while, or part of your regular rhythm, we hope you will be encouraged by the fellowship with each other, and with our Lord, as we worship him together.\
\
If this is your first time with us, please take a moment and fill out a Next Steps Card found on the back of the pew.  We would love to meet you and help you get connected.  \
\
Children & Nursery\
Children\'92s Church \'97 Individual members of our congregation are leading "A Word for the Children" during the month of July after the offertory. Children's bulletins and crayons are available at both entrances to the Sanctuary.  Nursery rooms for infants through age 3 are in the Education Wing, with the entrance behind the playground on the west side of campus. Children are always welcome in worship!\
\
Our Vision & Mission\
\
Our vision is to see lives transformed by the power of the gospel, rooted in God\'92s Word and the Reformed tradition, in order to create a culture of discipleship at FPC where disciples WORSHIP holistically, GROW relationally in Christ, and SERVE boldly in the world for the glory of God.  Our mission is to accomplish this by \'93Being Disciples and Making Disciples.\'94\
\
Church Contact Information\
919 East Shiloh Rd, Corinth, MS 38834\
fpccorinth.org\
6622866638\
\
\
\
\
}